I underscored genuinely data dependent
and if he is in fact really data
dependent the data don't lie and that
it's going to continue to work in the
favor of the doves rather than the Hawks
well it's interesting in that context
because you're actually seeing economic
surprises surge higher which means that
data is coming in better than expected
and I think Jeffrey's comments about
data being weak are signs of weakness a
lot of that is either market-based data
or Soft Data if you look at the Hard
data things like instead of looking at
pmis looking at industrial production
they remain resilient so you haven't
seen enough weakness in the data to
really suggest that the FED needs to
make an about face Bob the other point
that you know the Bulls have had to
contend with as we've wrestled with this
idea who's really in charge of this
market now have the Bulls gotten it back
you know Jeff makes the case now
obviously he's he's the bond King he's a
bond guy yeah he's going to make the
case in some respects for bonds as he
did but it is a hurdle to get over that
there is
there are other attractive Securities to
be investing in besides equities still
whether it's cash or fixed income I
think the real question and the issue
for the market if you want to try to get
the market higher if that's what your
goal is is all those people who are
buying four and a half percent one-year
treasuries in the middle of March that
were flooding the market and pulling
money away from the stock market we are
up 500 points on the S P since the
middle of March and everybody started
doing that 500 points that's 13 are
those people who are sitting there
saying I've got four percent one year CD
and we're up 13 since I pulled all that
money out are they going to be dragged
into the market right now unless they
think it's too late that they they
missed it so they're going to stay safe
the fomo Never Dies even at the top fomo
Never Dies now so let me just go one
point about pal what's really motivating
Powell for being so aggressive the group
to being so aggressive and he hinted at
what they were really afraid about he
says forecasters including the FED
forecasters have consistently thought
inflation was turning down and have been
wrong he says we have been wrong it's
better to over tighten and lose
credibility that seems to be what his
message is today and I think that's
what's motivated look he said Cameron
the risks to inflation are still to the
upside I think it's pretty obvious too
at this point that what they thought was
going to be restrictive wasn't
restrictive enough if you look at the
fact that the labor market I get the
idea that it's it's a lagging indicator
it's still hung in there pretty well
stock market's up 20 percent since the
lows well they seem not to believe their
own forecast they talked about how PC
would go down to 3.9 percent he goes
that's a pretty aggressive forecast
given where we stand today and I think
the thing that's interesting is that
we're at the same real interest rate
that we were prior to the Sev issues and
yet valuations for tech stocks are up 30
percent which just means that this rally
has had nothing to do with the fed the
fed's not been the key Source or driver
of The Upside it's all been positioning
fomo AI optimism gunlock says no more
hikes
what does Dawson say I think it's still
very potential that we could see more
hype I think that the FED still has a
credibility problem it's why we thought
that they would get to five and a
quarter that they wanted to make sure
that they delivered on what they said
they were going to do so I think that if
data continues to be resilient the big
question I have is that if we have a
strong jobs data but softer inflation
just because of those those tough comps
year over year what does the FED do in
July with that com that that combination
I mean are they they're going to go
overboard Bob trying to save their own
credibility as Cameron kind of suggests
yes that's what he seemed to implying
credibility is is more important at this
point doing what's right yes and
remember the try is square this circle
the Cameron they raised their estimates
for GDP they lower their estimates for
unemployment and they act like something
imminent dangerous is coming they want
to slow down the economy drought and
raise 50 basis points it seems a little
it which is to your point though that
the market probably doesn't believe it
which is why the s p
with positive momentarily and is only
down not even you know three and a half
points yeah because the market still
doesn't believe what Powell says or or
they can withstand the 50 basis points
if it does actually happen I I happen to
think Jeff is right I think they're not
going to do it yeah I think they just
need to keep that credibility and if
they over tighten so be it better than
lose credibility how said we've been
wrong on our inflation forecast they
can't have that happen well their
credibility is